21_1_spring_2004/README.md, before:

# Volume 21, Number 1: Spring 2004

![2600 Magazine Spring 2004](https://www.2600.com/sites/default/files/styles/large/public/sp041.gif)

Code in this repository comes from the Spring 2004 edition of #2600.

The code was available in the magazine, or via the website at https://www.2600.com/code/211/


## Exploiting AIM Screen Name Loggers

Author: Stik

Files located in `exploiting_aim_screen_name_and_logger` folder:

* printenv.pl
* aimphp.txt
* imchaos.cgi


## Using PERL to Defeat Provider Restrictions
Author: TRM

Files located in `using_perl_to_defeat_provider_restrictions` folder:

* setip.pl
* getip.pl
* trmhtml.txt



## A Simple But Effective Spanner in Your AVS
Author: Irving Washington

Files located in `a_simple_but_effective_spanner_in_your_avs` folder:

* avs.pas

## Uncapper's Paradise
Author: CronoS@OlympoS

Files located in `uncappers_paradise` folder:

* script.vbs

## Subverting Non-Secure Login Forms
Author: I. O. Hook

Files located in `subverting_non_secure_login_forms` folder:

* gotcha.txt

Commit message:

Add link to purchase back issue

21_1_spring_2004/README.md, after:

# Volume 21, Number 1: Spring 2004

![2600 Magazine Spring 2004](https://www.2600.com/sites/default/files/styles/large/public/sp041.gif)

Code in this repository comes from the Spring 2004 edition of #2600.

The code was available in the magazine, or via the website at https://www.2600.com/code/211/

A back issue of the magazine can be purchased from the 2600 magazine website at https://store.2600.com/collections/2000-2009/products/spring-2003


## Exploiting AIM Screen Name Loggers

Author: Stik

Files located in `exploiting_aim_screen_name_and_logger` folder:

* printenv.pl
* aimphp.txt
* imchaos.cgi


## Using PERL to Defeat Provider Restrictions
Author: TRM

Files located in `using_perl_to_defeat_provider_restrictions` folder:

* setip.pl
* getip.pl
* trmhtml.txt



## A Simple But Effective Spanner in Your AVS
Author: Irving Washington

Files located in `a_simple_but_effective_spanner_in_your_avs` folder:

* avs.pas

## Uncapper's Paradise
Author: CronoS@OlympoS

Files located in `uncappers_paradise` folder:

* script.vbs

## Subverting Non-Secure Login Forms
Author: I. O. Hook

Files located in `subverting_non_secure_login_forms` folder:

* gotcha.txt
